Fix #54: Implement comprehensive changelog system with NEWS.md (#92)
EpiAware/CensoredDistributions.jl: docs/src/developer/release-process.md

# [Release Process](@id release-process)

CensoredDistributions.jl follows a hybrid approach to release documentation,

> combining the Julia ecosystem's standard practices with comprehensive changelog

Author: ```suggestion
combining the Julia ecosystem's standard practices with a detailed news file for
```
